Project: Online Student Result System using PHP/MySQLi

About
The Online Student Result System is a simple PHP/MySQLi project that provides an online result of the students' marks. The system has a user-friendly user interface which makes it easy to use. This system has 2 types of users which are the Administrator User and The Student User. The Administrator user is the user who is in charge of managing the data in the system such as the subject list and the student list. Only admin users can manage the student result and marks and the Student Users can only view their results and they can only access their results by providing or submitting their Student ID number as their system credentials. The student result displays the student marks per subject and the average from the sum of their marks.

Features
Admin Side
Login Page
The page where the admin user submits their system credentials to access the admin side of the system.
Home Page
The page where the admin user is being redirected by default after logging into the system.
Classes Page
The page where the list of grade level and section are listed and managed by the admin user.
Subject Page
The page where all of the subjects are listed and managed.
New Student Page
The page where can admin submits the information of the new entry student to store on the system database.
Student List Page
The page where all students are listed and managed.
Result Page 
The page where the admin users manage the student results.
Users Side
Home Page
The page where the student will be redirected after submitting their Student ID # as their system credential. This page display or lists all of the student's results.
Result Modal
The popup modal displays the result of the student.
The Online Student Result System was developed using HTML, PHP/MySQLi, CSS, JavaScript (jQuery/Ajax), and Bootstrap for the design. The source code is fully functional and easy to modify or enhance. Follow the instruction below to have an actual experience using this simple project.

How to Run
Download the source code and extract the zip file.
Download or set up any local web server that runs PHP script.
Open the web-server database and create a new database name it osrs_db.
Import the SQL file located in the database folder of the source code.
Copy and paste the source code to the location where your local web server accessing your local projects. Example for XAMPP('C:\xampp\htdocs')
Open a web browser and browse the project. E.g [http://localhost/osrs]
​​​​​​​Default Admin Access
Username: admin
Password: admin123

I hope this simple Online Student Result System will help you with what you are looking for, feel free to download and modify the source code.

Explore more on this website for more source codes and tutorials.

Enjoy!